.TH "StreitbergRoehmel.c" 3 "17 Oct 2006" "coin" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
StreitbergRoehmel.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <R.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <Rmath.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <Rdefines.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPERM_MAX_N\fP   1000000"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBR_cpermdist2\fP (SEXP score_a, SEXP score_b, SEXP m_a, SEXP m_b, SEXP retProb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBR_cpermdist1\fP (SEXP scores)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Exact Distribution of Two-Sample Permutation Tests Streitberg & Roehmel Algorithm
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
hothorn 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005-07-28 17:04:29 +0200 (Thu, 28 Jul 2005) 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBStreitbergRoehmel.c\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define PERM_MAX_N   1000000"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file StreitbergRoehmel.c.
.PP
Referenced by R_cpermdist1(), and R_cpermdist2().
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "SEXP R_cpermdist1 (SEXP scores)"
.PP
The density of the permutation distribution for the one sample problem.
.PP
REFERENCES
.PP
Bernd Streitberg & Joachim R\\'ohmel (1986), Exact distributions for permutations and rank tests: An introduction to some recently published algorithms. Statistical Software Newsletter 12(1), 10-17.
.PP
Bernd Streitberg & Joachim R\\'ohmel (1987), Exakte Verteilungen f\\'ur Rang- und Randomisierungstests im allgemeinen $c$-Stichprobenfall. EDV in Medizin und Biologie 18(1), 12-19 (in german).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIscores\fP score vector (such as rank(abs(y)) for wilcoxsign_test) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 204 of file StreitbergRoehmel.c.
.PP
References PERM_MAX_N.
.SS "SEXP R_cpermdist2 (SEXP score_a, SEXP score_b, SEXP m_a, SEXP m_b, SEXP retProb)"
.PP
The density of the permutation distribution for the independent two sample problem.
.PP
REFERENCES
.PP
Bernd Streitberg & Joachim R\\'ohmel (1986), Exact distributions for permutations and rank tests: An introduction to some recently published algorithms. Statistical Software Newsletter 12(1), 10-17.
.PP
Bernd Streitberg & Joachim R\\'ohmel (1987), Exakte Verteilungen f\\'ur Rang- und Randomisierungstests im allgemeinen $c$-Stichprobenfall. EDV in Medizin und Biologie 18(1), 12-19 (in german).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIscore_a\fP score vector (typically c(1,1,...,1)) 
.br
\fIscore_b\fP score vector (typically ranks) 
.br
\fIm_a\fP integer indicating the sum of m_a elements of score_a 
.br
\fIm_b\fP integer indicating the sum of m_b elements of score_b 
.br
\fIretProb\fP logical indicating whether the density (TRUE) or the matrix of all permutations should be returned 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 46 of file StreitbergRoehmel.c.
.PP
References PERM_MAX_N.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for coin from the source code.
